a duck hero answer Harry now that I'm in
support what's going to do oh here come
the net and all God is the first kills
vitac hero duo bread and liquid fire
dealing so much damage on that as he
defaced the game is kind of his own oh
but the moment I say that the fight
coming on in the river IG chew on the
support naga siren his big problem now
y'all chasing him down with an effort
Spirit fire and you feel it which doctor
curse nice right back in safari cat or
because wiper IDC same signal a come on
guys we can do more asunder and his
teammate you see may still stay here I
did you a little bit greedy by IDC and
June and his toys here are walking this
as the fire remnant insulated ases why
just write everything in a rabbit and
ltd got one cue already the next one's
going to be ITC why your reps and
slashing down the post queue of this
game of this LCD are a little bitty city
too greedy by these two guys wow this is
this guy ferrari 430 you know that this
thing gonna happen so it's risky but
look at that puta
it is going to go straight for high of
starting in NC item build or engine
turns over I mean members finished I
didn't even formally dropping oh so
happy I'll make Tennessee and uses my
hope is to try to scare them away ieper
re what is he doing here he stuck over
there but if you've got 80 so you're
gonna come back in ways and supporters
or a 44 supporter not file they are all
alone over there I think I'm gonna get
this Ferrari 430 for sure from folder
day I become Ferrari for 20 and yep they
got two down Stan easy as they might
diving it a little bit more I see to
encash to slow him down by a remnant is
ready is not ready yet asylum you can
use it tsukushi be the day so later he
kills and it's a double kill they really
need the support from wiper and rubik
but they are bombing bottom lane trying
to attack wiper I think please mark that
only fill it up hippie attack and kill
the man a fireman LGBT lion in need to
cycle itself since my mom no boy today I
need to bring
and he blamed the way you can try to go
in Ferrari for 13 is one of the big
creampie in the game here ltd in July
Hughes Ramage not so many but ferrari
430 and he got the kills we need to get
out but he cannot run away from this
Weaver oh my dear Reuben Bieber is
killing everyone in front of you and
this Yahoo ember spirit that the fights
not over yet LG dmn why was he doing
over here this year lost hiring since
died the one who was left behind and
died over there and now sila the files
the parent is like what do you last game
god she's coming in nice landing a nice
pad but only he's one and why dropping
low need walk Backman he activated his
store stuff in the father himself away
normal ravish now yep green eyes using
the ultimate of designer siren now the
fights not over yet died where are we
for 30 they claw Radhika NJ depression
melt a bite with that Timmy at time with
the day so later became becoming
interlaken this is another gonna kill
this in July did but I had a landing and
iPad on to what an ipad again I teach
was full HP romana but he's breaking
every one way Swiper Swiper a stage and
the FI Tetouan / everyone Oh My Jesus
Christ the game is hanging on we can see
triple kill see what an agency gonna
come back again wiper is here and I'm
gonna DVDs wiper searing chain stop him
and a lid and whoa okay the fight is
over not not yet by a remnant away some
time on that ledge should still keep on
chasing you got real fast movement speed
sila she will need to be careful a bit
because you got no ultimate I think you
have know how to made no sleep for sure
I 2.1 khp
I think this ember spirit is tempe
enough eyebrows right whiteland ipad
punch by sometime and the ram is coming
out of the bag the first target is why
per wiper aiming for a wiper be maybe
that sleeve cannot save this because you
want to be heavy and now he just weekly
back calmness that no more ultimate
lives to what these Weaver's and I'll
dropping law forbade pick on face
already oh my goodness LG dmn Whisenant
when they got two down it's five but the
three new hanging on in this game for
this ID but IDC you can apply the talk
and he's flying so slow fly guys fly and
his temper sprint double kill what a
double damage ember spirit that makes
him w in July's here the three call hero
top teen ltd see you alive and rain fine
another tyrant lot back I teach you and
naughty need to retreat deport them to
retreat that is a pirate cat available
for my man my back day the snow by back
at all for Team IT they all on their
last night and no more towers it's going
to go for the Barack Obama under attack
is the president going in a ravaged the
first item or not for first item first
target his wiper wiper eyes him and the
fibers falls down no buyback forward
since five I want they're gonna do howdy
got a deep is for words of life in ages
and Ajit a time-lapse coming back for as
me it is going to go in for 20 this
Ferrari 430 you need to get out dropping
a China disco balls but he said much any
waited to scare him away and the nice
Bobby Petrino as you said we're way to
kills but he's not in up damage and I
was old our team IG they lost me
barracks and they might lost a lot of
our attitude am I going for the bomb
lane they still got an 80s and a cheese
of course is so strong for LG d and this
game sila
asus cheese everything is reading ready
to use and reading another bar ever well
well well 1830 game score 42 minutes
long ID lost their to barracks in this
game and now this is going to go and
he's a DD call right from chillin on
translation for Team algini they proceed
to the next round which is final budget
well for hygiene he managed and lose
this game okay they are not aimed at
history
they just drop to a loser bracket anyway
good luck for both team tomorrow we
still got a leak and yep I'll tournament
I league season to thank you very much
everyone for tuning in
you